(PERSON0) Alright, we are back, we are back, we are back. We are back finally at long last. We are back without the dog lapan. Hopefully people can hear us. Hopefully people can see us. Hopefully there is no lag now. Um If you guys can hear us, please say this thing. All good shallow. Thank you Ashley Welcome. Now that we seem to have sorted out most of our tech screw ups um Welcome to the show um category. Life now that people can actually hear.

(PERSON1) Yeah, went to

(PERSON0) you have to stay here. How is life after shark tank? Tell us about life after shark tank.

(PERSON1) Uh Yeah, I mean the expectation meeting with the she will make you take care of those killed. The funny part is people have started recognizing you even with the mask on right? I

(PERSON0) mean you're quite distinct, you have like this vibe from up here? It's pretty obvious it's you

(PERSON1) Yeah to I think it's either my salt and pepper here or the glasses which give away they and then you have to keep smiling when four strangers come in standard along with you, then you have to look at two different cameras and security guards,

(PERSON0) that's your life now. Yeah.

(PERSON1) Nobody,

(PERSON0) I bought both value added there because like you are like, I mean look, it's it's pretty like all the sharks are amazing. This that whatever but and straightaway uh s a uh comedians, Bacon kata uh uh taken um How is your response to that? Like when that happened?

(PERSON1) Uh Sie mehr recent phenomena in terms of morality but when the men started coming out uh There's just 11 million on uh I think well they pick up a Dukhan song, right? Which is like saying ultimate, ultimate level editing and thought, right, so very creative. Ah the government of India started putting memes out there. Then each political party started putting things like that political like uh and

(PERSON0) are you saying

(PERSON1) I love the fact they are like dialogues and dialogues just so members they may be, but unfortunately I've got back here practicing in the cabinet, but dialogue because two bankers, it is perfect. Every time I put up a comedy video, I just in my mind, I'm thinking, I

(PERSON0) don't think a comedian is the judge of a comedy show. Like if you ask me what is the opposite of right in terms of Joma club, I would say so I think it's probably for the best, it's probably for the best

(PERSON1) problem. Uh So no,

(PERSON0) I think it also happens, right? Because at the end of the day, middle of Banda just means business. What business and panda just sounds like two completely different things like what, like I don't know how to explain it, but done them automatically made at the

(PERSON1) is uh

(PERSON0) I have a bunch of questions. The second of course, obviously 30 questions questions what everyone on the Internet needs to know. Mr Ashmead, Grover developing combat Libya

(PERSON1) Douglas eggs, they would go out there. Uh Bullock to, I have a very important question to ask. Okay, and this is, this is something joe makeups, makeups is without, do you by any chance regret not investing in supply. Yeah, vote uh, for the loss of entertainment in my life. Yes, Children, but not otherwise

(PERSON0) that, that was hardcore. I still, that was like a roast line basically at the end of the day, my club when it's a viable product, they can hear it was like some free flow level. Like this thing. Sorry, if I look to the left, I just have all the questions here from the people.

(PERSON1) But that line is a youtube comment section under every comedian's video. Okay, thank you.

(PERSON0) Uh, thank you for the super chat please. Um, I guess um uh

(PERSON1) yeah, good work, good

(PERSON0) work uh, question here. Uh or

(PERSON1) and Bill will say, I think analysis border check here. Okay, I'm gonna give you your part so badly that uh ski imaginary mumia was like, gives you a decibel level bad like you got leather there.

(PERSON0) Um somebody else has had a great question which is that when you started your journey um as a young person. Yeah. In a way where you're like,

(PERSON1) yeah, very interesting.

(PERSON0) Mm hmm. Ah spare the rod spoil the arachnids. That's what I always say. Um, thank interview may actually not interview shark tank sort of sort of shark profile. Um, but I have to say your poor poor to mark a ratio is very high. Uh, so how has it been for somebody who doesn't like to talk much to a big spotlight, How does that, how is that working out for you? Um So I sneeze jokes aside all of that. All right. Like in the sense that I didn't know a lot about you. I want to know your journey in the sense like I know I I t et cetera but I really just want to know your journey from sort of college to cooperate or how did you get your

(PERSON1) Yeah. Uh Some coffee boring journey to typical. Oh I di I am tiki miraculous families will attack Arlotto. It's passport to success. I didn't like the idea. I remember I was one of the few people just needed 10 SGps marathon last semester which calls for them.

(PERSON0) I'm gonna not like I know what that means. Please please tell me

(PERSON1) what that basically. Let me explain what means. Tomorrow's exam will now come to be had examined the top 10 10 out of 10 longer that that's what it means to. Uh then after an item Excel France we got an exchange pay. So my french engineering party but any french party engineering but the so called Frenchman those semesters engineering. What

(PERSON0) is french for I think understanding uh 4200 and you bought in fact is using it. Exactly. Photo I. D. I am french this thing and then

(PERSON1) Yeah, but the I team at 14 m American Patriarchy Engineering time for management. Her time career launcher to Kailash Connolly market may. Uh, and the only reason I used to go there was a, there used to be a less are girls who used to come there. Uh that's where I met met my wife by the way. Right.

(PERSON0) So

(PERSON1) my wife is from new york. She, I don't know why she was planning to do an M. B. A. But the camera, I met her there and uh, and of course we got married three years later. Uh, but for I am gentle docile again. My baby patera Uh joint here in 2006 I was there for 7, 7 years. Investment banking investment banker. Just

(PERSON0) you heard it here first investment banking is Delalic a donde de cady. I

(PERSON1) would just like to say I got a merchandise banana that is prime merchandise material? S a quote next thing Full deli, everyone's just wearing that you know

(PERSON0) about my channel but this can't be top club Soha what

(PERSON1) happened those college and the college quality of doing here gradually it will be a pants algebra moment of company graduated here. So company. So for the heck of it I I joined, joined Amex in, in in Delhi and my job was to invest in Fintech startups. Austin Bella exposure. Mila started american to um wasn't below checkbook like it out. So that's what I used to do. So I met 100 founders, they used to open up to me saying economics, economics is one of the top see networks in the world. So the student and the american intellect level. But can you page immediately? Uh right. Feeling again I'm bigger. So thank you. Susan uh, to woke you up. Docile um many movie quick maybe personal TPM evaluate whether those times they used to come and pitch to me is up here. One of my friends Al bender from I. D. K. Many safety groupers generally have to help the country Oscar business plan man out there there and before we knew only that million dollars raised from Tiger. And and so they said he's that's why I thought you had to take the risk and you know why not. Right. So that's where I took a plant. Had a great time at Grover's When you go the extra $7 million dollars diagnostic orders of bank, somebody investors business groups from, You know one city and good counsel. 30 cities, 30 orders they do or 30,000 orders a day. They handled different levels of complexity and other mira palla folder on my new laptop. Anticipatory bail. Okay

(PERSON0) same as my laptop. We have the same laptop.

(PERSON1) Nice Palestinian at Organic. Any, I've never started cheating here seven years regularly imprisonment without bail and I was like there. So that's where I started from but had good fun. Right? Uh grow first mcafee cycle then there is a good friend even now uh Groupers were big basket That is the best thing to do and and medical background to Tyto team uh even vitamins to corporate kina green eagle sector. Right Love uh and the realization tiki bars up to otherwise good camardelle american businessman, Digital Karol bagh. Right. Honorable. Magnesium giant anacondas. We're stuck here. Medical respected. Could customers write my evaluation is so many billion dollars. Can you take some shares and and investor builder profit got to know I'm investing is still in the investing place. So but customer respect that right to problems 70 co founder why it is aerosol JR to but marketing is so much to join.

(PERSON0) Nice. That's awesome. Wow. What a great story. I'm going to sum it up in one line. Uh uh, life is what I have learned from that

(PERSON1) story. Be

(PERSON0) Cary is great. It's great. It's just great. Just gonna think this every time I do a branded post or anything I'm gonna be kelly. D Katie.

(PERSON1) I

(PERSON0) have a question here from um A Agarwal who says that I've seen you talk about how challenging it is to build businesses in India. Most of your peers from I. T. I? M would have left for the US. What made you stay and build in India

(PERSON1) very very honest to the point.

(PERSON0) Very very very to the point ready to the um I'm very curious because obviously my club a lot of debate about your demeanor on shark tank, right? But love to some people blunt to some people. It's a, it's straightforward to some people, it's like hit the ball through there. How do you sort of view your sort of demeanor on shark tank? Like do you think there are times like when you watch the show where you're just like, did I go too far or just like me couldn't

(PERSON1) the hand with uh two for a dollar filtering the environmental? Did I go too far? Problem? See the thing is keep many shark tank, shark tank, shark tank us. There are some people who are hard, hard hardcore fans. They followed, right? They don't know the judges, they can tell you can just change what does fiction and America with me total just miracle shortlist concept for that in passing cumulatively uh concept that I'm, I'm game for the concept. I don't know. I thought gee,

(PERSON0) I wonder gee, I wonder what personality traits they saw that made them go. This guy will be great television. I wonder,

(PERSON1) I don't know. I

(PERSON0) think basically I just point to snake camera man, Cameron, producer. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

(PERSON1) Director, another link After maybe you've got 26 and maybe you've got there. I see curling and, and people like that, but I could look like anyone living neck up further. So I was just being that and so many directors and ah towards towards intimately to, to um, basically I was being just raw, right? I think I'm wrong. I'm not, um not uh,

(PERSON0) yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

(PERSON1) So and like you first week many people are going to hate me because there's out of the proof this guy is coming and what is being, What he's being two people. But maybe the negative people see the six weeks. If people see the six weeks, that was a big question and didn't wake up thinking about the, but if people see it over six weeks ago, consistency harding will be killed there. Jump negative will be killed. Uh, medical was attacking by Bosnia but it's applying as a product. I got another, I'm not even kidding. Just hurry episode, previous episodes supplying product manipulative. Not that's quite a nice idea. This is quite a good idea reaction to

(PERSON0) a result of this. Talk to the follow up to that. Um, are there any sort of drawbacks or has that ever sort of blown up in your face? Um, as being that directly,

(PERSON1) maybe maybe my chub chub to commend them or drop the garage door will be maybe option booster. Do you want to block only this guy or any account he creates in the future. All

(PERSON0) accounts always please.

(PERSON1) Always a fan has come up to you and I certainly will be that

(PERSON0) I can tell you right now instagram. So if you would like to oblige please go ahead and don't have temporary exam there thesis statement there please. So please the floor is yours

(PERSON1) and I said I am the fan taker, I am the fan. I came up to you and let's say Delhi airport camera like service it. It was an act of

(PERSON0) Oh, that sounds so great. Oh yeah. It's like

(PERSON1) it's like even even in there is a quota, you know, it's, it's

(PERSON0) done, it's done. Yeah, wants to know most VCS angels prefer to have an I. T. I am founded in their portfolio. Why do you think it's not necessarily the best idea for an investment or do you also think that

(PERSON1) yeah, we'll be, I'm smarter. Don't matter. That was this mighty to open the doors to my personality and the club mentality. Right. Um, medico membership Bardo founder mm hmm. To everybody after an incentive to persevere 10 minute tickling gets him in a duckling exiled duckling. But the other which pushed back to nature like unto you always have a soft landing. Huh? Perseverance. Good times. Because I don't have a comfortable job to go just because of my degree to uh, to

(PERSON0) fair, fair good point. Um Alyssa baba says, I admire the tech behind my question is how do you handle burnout And what's your advice on being constantly productive in your respective field? I'm gonna club that with another question that came in earlier. Okay, as an entrepreneur, as a model of, there must have been some really low patches. So like you said, what? Perseverance is your hotel. Oh my God. I said don't let them like aside from antica pesa banana. But how do you, because like you said wright? How you could go back to corporate or whatever. So how do you persevere in that?

(PERSON1) Yeah, it's eventually but not only not calling asia technique is direction Madonna. Uh but not management which is to to handle my, I'm 39 years old. Right? Uh I do what I do with the.

(PERSON0) Huh? That's fair. That's ah this thing um I have a question which is, I want to know one thing you learned from each of your fellow sharks and I'm gonna start one by one. I'm gonna start naming them. Um As I remember them sitting, I'm gonna start from the left of you Armand

(PERSON1) I'm gonna fill me monte.

(PERSON0) How did you feel? How did you feel when he said um um

(PERSON1) Toto toto uh garc a bar opening, gardening has a big heart. But many, many caffrey episodes Koby jump up. Uh uh 23%. So, so I'm an ah your camera bundle, the billing and the camera and the billing or something. To boss wu or many. My name is a picky woman, natural baby bear. You're like so relax will think they're having so much fun but the job dealer, Right? 2, 2 and two methods celebrate Hammer gentleman. So how was the genuine,

(PERSON0) what did you learn from Namibia?

(PERSON1) Not much yet but uh that's an important skill. Yeah, I know but that or scare equities. She has our hospitals, The doctor as secretary to speak change. He offered network so that we had learned by heart, like a periodic table.

(PERSON0) Nice.

(PERSON1) Although, you know, um, and he's a good judge of people double, but then we'll go to a slow moment. Like I love it. Hamas

(PERSON0) model a bottle.

(PERSON1) Uh, but that is a good judge of people. So, so yeah, that's, that's a good skill to pick from him.

(PERSON0) Ah, what about Benita? You to also seem to get along pretty well.

(PERSON1) Benita and I get along well. She's one year junior to me in, from Ireland to bad. Uh, and there's a lot of mutual love and respect. Uh,

(PERSON0) uh, did you, did you get where you want set at the same time? That basil was

(PERSON1) also no, no, no, no. Incidentally, I'm an old man may take up very differently commons. Daughter's birthday and I think I had gone for the cricket World Cup finals. So donated. That's when God came. So we've never overlap with other than the last episode. We all seven were of course, there usually genuinely a chairman of the medical miracles, miracles, his ability to investing things to happen. But the school school somehow connect with on his own journey and generally

(PERSON0) that's awesome bloop and chat that poker channel wants to know a great name. What projects are you most excited to be working on these days and coming up in the channel club that with out of all of the investments that you made on shark tank. What are some of the ones that you're most excited about?

(PERSON1) Yeah, they do to gypsy community. The woman was excited. Don't know. Which could be, uh, investors via, uh, extra building myself as the demand. Uh, the other one is this community called revamp motto together. Uh, but, but those guys were kind enough to sort of reach out to me after the sure and they said I'm subcommittee, but we would love to have you, which was nice of them. And, and I, I like that company. I think they're already doing the Lord,

(PERSON0) my favorite products from the first

(PERSON1) season. Yeah. Have other companies also reached out to you like this. Okay. Sir. Sorry, can you please investigate investor coach, mayor? Not, not, not other than these guys. Not other than that. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think I did, I did not leave other people. Um,

(PERSON0) I know that since you're into fintech et cetera, whatever do you believe in the Web three ecosystem. And is this something that you'd be confident investing your own money in?

(PERSON1) So, you know, but he's totally concept within a three block.

(PERSON0) So straight up answer. So Pranav wants to know, what do you do when you're not working and how do you unwind and have fun?

(PERSON1) Uh, two material family? Uh, genuine american mining Latina. That is genuine, genuine and fighting. Um, and I like to travel? I like to travel very exotic places backwards. 46, countries going to come with that. That that that for me is genuine. Something I look forward to and not even that like even before you travel you have to, you know, find out on Airbnb, which department you want to stay in rich card. Do you want to hire that process to me is very therapeutic. Thank you. Yeah, this apartment. Exactly, exactly. Um so this is the moment to take the risk graph convert to. So that is one I'm very fond of cars. Very very fond of cars. So uh what's

(PERSON0) your dream card is personal curiosity. What's your dream car?

(PERSON1) Yeah, that's a good green car in the uh big sympathy but not a logo is Guatemalan cartel. Uh you can afford all the cars I have

(PERSON0) just checking for a friend.

(PERSON1) Yeah, it's uh it's a trade off right? Like it's yeah, it's uh it's about what you're more passionate about right Rudy already. I don't think anything regarding hilario to capital. That's another way of looking at it. That's a great tagline that is like

(PERSON0) what are three places that you've gone to? That has changed you profoundly because I see on your instagram also you post a lot of travel throwbacks etcetera,

(PERSON1) all of that. Mhm.

(PERSON0) At least three places that blow your mind. So

(PERSON1) that yeah, Top three Places in the World. Uh I love this place called Porto in Portugal amazing, Amazing place. You have to see this and sunset, right. Uh, I'm not a romantic, but even the sun said there was even romantic home. So what about either that? Uh, that is in us. There's a place called Lake Tahoe. Amazing place. Amazing place. Um, It's like 60 miles off the lake. You can drive around and stay there. Uh, that's great. Now all the time. Personal favorite place to go and multiple times is London. Especially if you, if you, if you take a car and drive down to three hours out of London, you can cover the whole country essentially. So we are those three places exciting. And in India if I were to ask get India may to come, I don't know if you've gone to Sikkim. Sikkim is a very nice place shanti. Uh, I've been to a lot many places goa as I still think it's one of the better places in India just to just to relax and right. But I don't like traveling otherwise domestically with the medical bangalore. Great american for no other reason, but I find their put too far away from the eye. Domestic reminding me, uh, location based.

(PERSON0) Um, have you, This is a great question that I got from instagram pitch body. The conversation who are like me

(PERSON1) native americans feel like he's not going, you know, excuse me manager do that. If you skip that question,

(PERSON0) I have a question of

(PERSON1) all the, okay, after all the products you happen a decade, okay, by any chance, Okay, let's say you invested or not invested, like have you tried them out, have you tried or bought any of the products that you saw that? A picture?

(PERSON0) Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

(PERSON1) But uh so now most people would leave behind a product right, for the sharks to drive, so she left her dress for my life today and many white or mafia behind the scenes photo copy or but clearly my mind has a mind of her own, she doesn't listen to me.

(PERSON0) Uh I mean, this is a very technical question, I'm just gonna ask it, but please guys, it's very technical question I'm a lawyer specializing in the Fintech place your perspective on the restrictions R. B. I. Has placed on synthetic structures um and pay later models via the digital lending report, wow, so many business words.

(PERSON1) Yeah,

(PERSON0) So speaking of, speaking of like Karna and this is not because, look, I don't understand all of this stuff, etcetera, whatever, but like you've been in the news obviously for other reasons as well, Right? And my question here is because the thing is right right now, it's, he said, he said to parties, so I don't want to get into what, like each party thing about it, but what I want to ask is, right, because now the thing is, right, You're on one side and other people on the other side, but at the end of the day, like while you might be fighting with each other, you have the same. All right. I'm assuming at the end of the day, which is, and I'm not even saying it's for philanthropic reasons, right? Like you want the company to be okay because at the end of the day, even if you're looking from a selfish perspective, all your worth and your monetary worth is from that. So how and this happens a lot sort of in this space in terms of where you see founders that, so how do you sort of navigate that? Um, obviously very things got very emotional, very intense. So you navigate company. Okereke genuine questions.

(PERSON1) They say they go, um, see when you wanna build it, right? And you've built a multi, billion dollar businesses yourself, right? Ah, you are never destroyed by a card. Take ad take assets. I don't take liabilities. I don't think, right? I said, banana, that's the liability side. Fight. But you never fight to destroy the asset in itself because that is, as you said, That's the pipe that everyone wants to cut 10 and have it. It's, it's, it's, it's always tricky. But life teaches you a lot of things, right. Mako is Samad Iraqi two year. So, but it's it's, it's a, it's a pattern, right? I, I think, you know, with a lot of people have gone through this before, it's not for the first time, it will not be for the last time either. But I think, you know, hopefully all of us will come up with uh less blood spilled,

(PERSON0) fingers crossed um says how do you get asked this already? What motivates you to keep working even after getting 100 X. And I did ask this. Okay. There we go. Sorry about that. The where you is there an investment you regret not making? I mean, revamped, will you restart? But like a lot. But is there anything that you look back in like they are? Mm hmm For a gallon of housework?

(PERSON1) Mm hmm. I have a question to ask. Okay, so when you're doing the stream with told us that he scribbles in his diary while you know, throughout the show he's scribbling in his diary. So I'll ask you, what did you do? Were you actually writing things? Were you scribbling? Were you drawing things? What were you doing when? Because it was some some some other who contributed over overwhelming right key. Mbandaka. Which information through the structure. Pretty comfortable Medical. If you look at half the pictures right? In half the pictures. I'm writing something. I have been able to 16% of the pitches. I'll be writing something and then then later, later I don't want it. So exciting product called.

(PERSON0) Mhm. Um the last last few questions for you. Ash, near before I let you go. I know we're almost at the end of your word quota. Um What is next for you? What plans do you have, like outside from shark tank season two,

(PERSON1) yep. Uh I think a few things in the world, right? Uh uh eventually I think I'll get into politics at some point of time, right? Uh and it's it's it's from the perspective thing here, when you build a business, you generate certain employment and impact certain number of people and you can keep doing this right? It's a very noble thing. I think that's what a lot of businessman and people actually, which never gets talked about itself, level of employment. You generate 1000 extent of the next multiplier on on the number of lives you impact. And eventually the bigger impact at some point of time is by getting into nation building. Right? So, or doing something meaningful there. And even though we have all our startup founders become significant part of the indian economy uh at the political level, we are underrepresented, right? Uh energy, Right? So, we're slightly on the like everyone likes us, but what you get for, if you like that, it's not like someone is really thinking about, you know, key startups and it's a bigger game in my view. So, you know, at some point of time, I want to get there uh, back in the of

(PERSON0) course, um actually, thank you for your super chat, but we've already asked this question about I th I am uh has made his he was very very clear. Random. No I'm not going to ask him for I. P. O. Details on a lifestyle upload. Yeah something's wrong man May well done Mukherjee now you guys might love thank you for the super chat but again I don't know how that's his area of expertise and yeah you go and then I have one more question and then

(PERSON1) my question is very simple. If you type shopping behind the scenes on Youtube you find some hilarious stuff. Okay. Like literally I've seen like I think there was one where there was making fun of one like not Brandy was doing like below below and all that literally silly stuff was happening. So I want to ask you what is the most fun thing that has happened behind the scenes that maybe we may have not seen on camera. Yeah. No, no it's a lot of fun behind the scenes. And in fact uh you know, we used to look forward to the behind the scenes, The that is 21 binding time. I think I've got three leaves. Don't know that anyone t d we do have a ***, two the parties disaffected there to make quick circles. Okay, I'm gonna say I'm their fixed camera set up about but look what you don't get it circle the Guardian of the five o'clock, you know five minutes, 10 minutes, 15 years as a market, fair ball hockey. I'm gonna market because I'm still developing it. So you know Madani Madani correct. He said do you remember that affect me? I know that you have done that accommodation and so like matrix

(PERSON0) coffee system metrics start thank you for your sake. I have a couple of quick super chats, santa. Thank you for the super chat. After the wrap up. The chute shark attack talk backstage to everyone who pitched and give them pointers. Any done you does the interaction with the entrepreneurs after.

(PERSON1) Okay.

(PERSON0) And addis ababa says arachnid four p.m. I have, I have two last questions for you. Sorry. One is your instagram bio says first chuck shark tank in them. What does that mean? The president of shark tank. Like what does that mean?

(PERSON1) Many and many men have first in the sense first charcoal first season like I uh the first season coming up. Gotcha.

(PERSON0) Or or what are some spaces that you see um or the other sectors that you think will like really sort of growth in the future.

(PERSON1) Yeah, very cool to electric mobility. We've got a coffee say looks like Peggy that's the limit pollution, whatever the parcels. Uh huh and her share married something something maybe I think it was something about pollution but still there is so eventually this will have to be, you know, we'll have to move away from internal combustion engine and the future is that and in their body market, you know have a big deal Temecula tablet does be Salman, everything will become elected. So that is, to me is the big space to invest in it.

(PERSON0) Okay, got it on that note. Yes,

(PERSON1) yes. Will you invest if a comedian comes to you, will you invest in a comedian's project?

(PERSON0) You know what is more dignified style is more dignified that, that you made was more dignified than this.

(PERSON1) Uh, on

(PERSON0) that note. Uh, uh, genuinely thank you so much. This is a very fun conversation which preconceived notions stages about how this conversation would go, but it has gone in a completely different direction. Let me just put it this way that I'm, I wouldn't be afraid to pitch in front of you right now, which is saying a lot, I'm sure tomorrow morning the fear will return. But right now in this conversation, I would definitely say that. So thank you. Thank you

(PERSON1) so much. We have learned some amazing

(PERSON0) CKD said Nikolay Nikolayevich, G M A D is the takeaway is the takeaway,

(PERSON1) yes, whatever, whatever.

(PERSON0) Absolutely. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks so much on that note. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you chad. This has been a ton of fun. Um, and ah yeah, I'll see you soon. And good luck with whatever is coming next.

(PERSON1) Perfect time guys. Thank you

