(PERSON0) and the clock starts now. Hello, welcome everyone. This is not a typical video on our channel and that's because this video actually won't even exist tomorrow as you're watching it right now, you're already running out of time to keep watching it. The clock is ticking. Alright, so in this video we have three things to cover. Number one. We didn't upload on monday, and that was the first time in a long time. We haven't uploaded a calling and smear show on monday, and that's because over the past week we've been traveling, we actually spent 72 hours with Mr Beast in north Carolina. It's one of the most fascinating trips we've ever taken. We also filmed an interview with Karl Jacobs and all that content is gonna come out on the channel soon. We also played basketball against jimmy and I think the footage speaks for itself, I steal it, throw a pass and then all you can see is Samir's hand there. Just look at the risks like the risk.

(PERSON1) Oh

(PERSON0) no, number two, this is the main reason that we are making this video, Our press published merch is officially available and live Starting right now. This is our first merch drop ever A lot of you guys have been asking us about this for the past year. We've been wearing these shirts for a long time. We've had this idea for a long time and we officially pressed published on the store. It is live right now and it's only live for the next seven days. So you may know this, you may not, but two years ago, I moved back to the East Coast after eight years of working with Samir. It just got too difficult, we weren't making enough money and it didn't seem like this would be a viable career, I was just done and Samir was done to and even during that time when I moved back, we didn't stop pressing publish, we decided that even though this wasn't going to be a business, we love the process, so much of putting out videos and seeing what happened and so that was a constant, like we never were going to stop doing that and we never will because we just love that feeling and that feeling is what binds all creators together. It's the one thing we all have in common is that we love pressing publish. So that's why we love this phrase and why we wanted to put it on our first piece of merch. That was really nice, I think I cried. Yeah, that was delivered. Well, wow, time is really running out right now, like you're watching this, but this is going to be gone, it's gonna self destruct very soon. Also, Shopify sent us this counter that we have set up in our office right now, that shows us as the orders start coming in. So if you buy something from the drop, we'll actually see it live in our office and that brings us to 0.3, we are going to be offering with every published drop a creator grant. So every time we put out a drop of merch, we're gonna be giving one of you one member of our community the opportunity to press, publish on one of their ideas. So what we want you to do is put in the comments, either a video idea or a creative project that you want to get off the ground, and we're gonna pick someone and give you $1000 towards that project. Now, again, this video is going to self destruct in 24 hours, so whenever you're watching this video, you can see how long this video has been out, and that's the amount of time, you have to put something in the comments, so, time is running out. Listen, you gotta get moving, you gotta put your ideas in the comments, head over to press published dot shop. The drop is live for one week. This video will be gone forever tomorrow and stay tuned because we have episodes of the college and smear show coming out next week, and we got our episodes from our trip to north Carolina coming out very soon. And before we go, I've got a message for Hayden Hillier smith, that's Logan paul's editor. If some of you are unaware with who he is, Are you sure you want to do this? Well, here's the thing. Hayden challenged me to a boxing match, I said I'm interested, but today I was boxing in the office a little bit nice, and now I'm really interested. Okay, Alright. Sign the contract. Hayden sign the contract. Must you?

